DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with him
the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies were caused the Bakugan
to evolve into more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
ELICO AND VULCAN: [Screaming]
BRONTES: What are you doing to them Gus?
Stop it!
We've always been loyal Bakugan.
What did we do to deserve this?
GUS: Quit your whimpering, Brontes...
You are one of our soldiers now.
We have no tolerance for weakness or cowardice...
You really should be thanking me
after your Master tossed you away like worthless trash.
BRONTES: [gasp]
GUS: When this is over...
even you'll be amazed with the results.
Now be quiet and hold still.
This may sting a little.
BRONTES: [screams] Gus! Please!
Make it stop!
SPECTRA: Don't they know struggling just makes it worse?
BRONTES: Make it stop.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Spectra Rises.
SPECTRA: Chaos Ability X.
With this card we can force the evolution of any
Bakugan in our possession...
making them our battle weapons.
GUS: It's brilliant, sir.
SPECTRA: Helios is growing quite nicely into his new
battle armour.
He's on his way to becoming the most powerful
Bakugan that has ever lived.
He will be the instrument that I will use to crush
those who tried to destroy me...
All that's left is...
...to capture the Perfect Core Energy from Drago.
GUS: That will mean another visit...
with my old friend Dan Kuso.
SPECTRA: Correct.
SPECTRA: I have a feeling...
we will also be seeing some of our old Vexos
teammates in the next little while, Gus.
GUS: What?!
SPECTRA: When the Resistance defeated the
Vestals and destroyed Vespalace, King Zenoheld
and the Royal family managed to escape
and go into hiding.
GUS: Well what about the Vexos?
Did they go with him?
SPECTRA: Of course they did...
Who else would do Zenoheld's bidding?
I don't imagine he's going to sit in exile for long,
though...
I'd be willing to bet my entire stable of Bakugan,
that he's got his eyes on the same prize as us...
Too bad for him, we're going to beat him
to the punch this time...
I wonder who will be more surprised by our attack.
Zenoheld or the Battle Brawlers?
DAN, MARUCHO AND MIRA: [grunt]
BARON: Master Marucho!
Master Dan! Mira! You made it!
DAN: Hey guys. What's happenin'?
MARUCHO: Hey! Where's the red carpet?
MIRA: Wow guys.
This place is amazing.
If I didn't know better, I'd think we were still
at Marucho's house.
ACE: Are you kidding me?
Even Marucho's dog house is bigger than this.
MIRA: Hah, you're probably right, Ace.
MIRA: But seriously, it's like a fairytale...
it's a magical palace you'd see in a story book.
KLAUS: If this is a magical palace, then it is
greatly in need of a princess.
MIRA: Huh?
KLAUS: Are you interested in the position?
Princess Mira?
Why yes, that does have a nice ring to it...
Greetings, I am Klaus Von Herzen...
Welcome to my home.
KLAUS: [smooch]
ACE: Dude!
MIRA: Um... hi there.
DAN: This guy is cheesy.
Why do girls always fall for it?
MARUCHO: Oh please, you wish you were that smooth.
DRAGO: Can we get down to business?
DAN: Huh?
Oh yeah, you're right.
Why don't you guys fill us in the Vexos attacks.
MIRA: Dan's right...
they're probably out there right now plotting
their next move.
SHADOW PROVE: This is what happens when you send a boy
to do a man's job.
Ha Ha!
He gets beaten by an Emo ninja...
... and an overgrown peacock!
Embarrassing!
PRINCE HYDRON: Hey, hey. Why the sad faces kiddies?
Oh, that's right...
... you failed against the Battle Brawlers again.
Honestly guys, do I have to do everything around here?
LYNC: You got something to say, Hydron?
MYLENE: Lync! Leave it alone.
LYNC: [grunting]
PRINCE HYDRON: Where was that fire when you were battling?
SHADOW PROVE: Hah!
You think you're a tough guy 'cause you beat
a newbie like Baron?
Listen Hydron, why don't you and the rest of the
ladies sit back and watch a real master at work.
Maybe you'll all learn a thing or two.
Time for Daddy to go out and bring home the bacon.
Yeaaaaaaahhhh!
VOLT: Sit down.
VOLT: I'm going next.
MIRA: Well, luckily for us the Vexos have only
managed to take the Haos Energy so far.
WILDA: That we know of for certain.
Who knows what's happened to Shun and Ingram since
they left for New Vestroia.
DRAGO: That's a good point...
If only we had some way of contacting them
to find out for sure.
ELFIN: Oh, no.
Do you think they're alright?
I really hope they are!
DAN: Forget this waiting around business, man.
It's making me crazy...
Let's attack them in their secret hideout!
ACE: Secret hideout...
good idea.
Any idea where that might be, genius?
BARON: Guys.
How do they keep getting the drop on us...
It's like they magically appear out of thin air.
Without any warning.
MIRA: The Mother Palace...
They're probably transporting themselves
from there.
That means they're hiding out somewhere in this
dimensional universe.
MARUCHO: Klaus, can we reconfigure your
trans-dimensional communications system
to identify and track dimensional anomalies?
If so we could use is to locate their point
of origin and find out where they're hiding.
KLAUS: Unfortunately, I don't think that will be possible.
ELFIN: Why?
I thought your foundation was at the cutting edge
of technology!
SIRENOID: That's like asking us to re-tool your
microwave so you can cut your lawn with it.
Just because they're both pieces of machinery
doesn't mean they can be used for the same purpose.
DAN: Enough...
I'm not gonna just sit here and wait for the
Vexos to attack!
DRAGO: Dan...
Huh?
KLAUS: Well Dan...
it looks like you're not going to have to wait
after all.
DAN, MIRA, MARUCHO, ACE, BARON, KLAUS: [grunting]
DAN: Volt?
VOLT: Pyrus, Subterra, Darkus, Aquos.
Well, well.
Looks like all the attributes I have on my list
are right here in front of me.
VOLT: There's nothing I love more than one stop shopping,
especially when it comes to attributes.
DAN: Hah!
If you think you've actually got a chance of
beating all of us by yourself, then you're even
sillier than that haircut makes you look.
SPECTRA: Insulting a man's hair?
That's just downright impolite.
SPECTRA: Hello Dan Kuso.
DAN: Spectra!
VOLT: You're still alive?
DAN: [shocked]
SPECTRA: That's right... Relax.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
I promise you I'm flesh and blood, Volt.
I know you must be overcome with happiness,
especially you fled the crumbling palace
and left me for dead.
SPECTRA: I hate to spoil your plans...
... but I've got some business to settle
with Dan, here.
DAN: Spectra.
SPECTRA: That's right!
I beat you once, Dan...
and I'll have no problem doing it again.
VOLT: Hey, not so fast Spectra.
This is my battle... get in line.
ACE: They're fighting?
What's up with that?
BARON: I dunno.
I thought they were on the same side.
SPECTRA: Anyone who gets in my way will be an enemy,
whether they're Brawlers or Vexos.
Either way, I will crush them and leave them in the dust.
VOLT: I won't let you bully me, Spectra.
GUS: Really?
He just did.
GUS: You talk a big game, Volt,
but when it comes down to it...
you're a disloyal coward.
VOLT: What? Is that...?
Brontes!
Where did you find him?
Why is he with you?
Why do you have Brontes?! Answer me!
VOLT: Gus!
What did you do to my Brontes?
GUS: Your Brontes?
That's very funny Volt...
Why do you care so much about something that you
so easily tossed away?
I've modified him to better suit my purposes.
VOLT: [shocked ]
What do you mean, \"modified\"?
GUS: Well...
I don't want to sound dramatic, but I guess
in a way you could say...
I took away his soul.
VOLT: [grunting] Brontes.
GUS: Ha.
SPECTRA: Dan...
are you ready to have some fun?
DAN: Bring it on, frosted tips!
MIRA: Dan!
I want in on this too.
DAN: Really?
MARUCHO: That goes double for me, Dan!
DAN: Are you sure?
[gasp]
ACE: Hey guys!
Hold on a second!
SPECTRA, MIRA, DAN AND MARUCHO: Gauntlet Power Strike!
DAN: Spectra's gonna face a real triple threat!
Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Being back from the dead has never felt so good.
DAN: Gate Card, Set!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Cross Drago!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Drago... you've grown up.
You're still no match for what I'm about to unleash...
I call Helios MK-2.
Bakugan Brawl!
Helios stand!
HELIOS: [evil growl erupts into roar]
DAN: What the... ?
MIRA: Helios has evolved too!
DRAGO: Helios. You've changed.
HELIOS: Don't think you're special just because you
were gifted an attribute energy by the ancients.
DRAGO: But your evolution wasn't natural.
There's something wrong.
HELIOS: There is nothing wrong with me.
I assure you...
I'm just as powerful as you...
IF NOT MORE!
DRAGO: He's gone mad.
SPECTRA: No more talk!
Ability activate!
Defuse Quasar!
HELIOS: [roar]
DAN: Hah!
Ability activate!
Superior Shield!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaahhhh!
SPECTRA: Not so fast, Brawler...
Ability activate.
Chaos powered Cannon!
DAN: Ability activate!
Fire Reflector!
DRAGO: [roar]
MIRA: Good call, Dan.
He's deflecting Helios' attack!
MARUCHO: Drago's getting him back!
DAN: Helios is messing with a whole new Drago
this battle!
HELIOS: Is that all you've got?
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Chaos Boost Cannon!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [pained cry]
DAN: Drago!
MIRA: Wow...
Helios really packs a punch.
MARUCHO: Are you ready, Elfin?
ELFIN: I was born ready!
MARUCHO: That's what I like to hear.
Hang on Dan.
Help is on the way.
Bakugan Brawl!
ELFIN: Comprised of equal parts Sun, Wind and Rain
this Bakugan has got it all going on.
Please put your hands together for the debut
of Aquos Elfin version 2!
DRAGO: Elfin!
ELFIN: Ohhhh, Drago!
The sound of your big, strong voice sends shivers
up and down my spine!
MARUCHO: Alright, our turn, Elfin.
Ability, activate!
SPECTRA: Not so fast.
Ability Activate!
Dragon Pounce!
ELFIN: [eek, yikes, ouch]
DRAGO: Elfin!
HELIOS: This is fun!
MIRA: Bakugan Brawl!
Subterra Magma Willda...
Stand!
WILLDA: [roar]
MIRA: Ability activate!
Atlas Shield!
WILLDA: [roar]
ELFIN: Oooh!
Nice one!
Thanks a lot!
DRAGO: Yes, nice save.
WILLDA: Glad to help.
HELIOS: Hah!
Let's fight!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Blackout Cannon!
HELIOS: [roar]
MIRA: His attacks are so devastating.
MARUCHO: Mira! Tandem attack.
MIRA: Okay!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
Ding-dong ditch!
ELFIN: Watch me go!
HELIOS: [grunt]
WILLDA: Huuuuuuaaaaaahhhhhh!
HELIOS: Whoa!
[grunt, pain ]
DAN: Keep it up!
Gate Card, open!
Silent Land!
HELIOS: [pain, exertion]
DAN: This Command Card rocks...
It immobilizes the opponent Bakugan as well
as blocks any new abilities to activate
which is just awesome.
What do you think of that there Spectra?
Let's go!
Ability activate! Shooting Dragon! DRAGO: Come on Helios!
HELIOS: [roar]
DAN: And the crowd goes wild!
SPECTRA: Hmmph.
SPECTRA: Alright!
Gate Card, Set!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
HELIOS: [growl into a roar]
DAN: Hit 'em where it hurts, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago stand!
DRAGO: [roar]
MIRA: Don't forget about... us!
MARUCHO: We're coming... too!
WILLDA: [roar]
ELFIN: Ha ha!
Here we go again!
What fun.
DAN: He's on the ropes.
Let's finish it!
MIRA: With pleasure!
Ability activate!
Land Twister!
WILLDA: [roar]
HELIOS: What's happening?
MARUCHO: Hey Elfin!
How 'bout an attribute change?
ELFIN: Sure!
You know me, Marucho.
I love a third act costume change!
I'll just step through this circle of light and...
slip into something a little more...
Darkus!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
Super Moonbow!
ELFIN: Oh yeaaaah!
In the name of the Darkus attribute, I'm gonna
double my pleasure by doubling your pain!
HELIOS: [groaning]
DAN: Ability activate!
Shooting Dragon!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: That did it.
ROBOTIC VOICE: Main core power loss, replenished to 100%
Structural damage caused by Super Moonbow
has been repaired.
Total system damage from Shooting Dragon
has also been repaired.
All systems are back online and functioning at 100%
HELIOS: [roar]
SPECTRA: Ability FARBAS EM.
With this improved version of FARBAS we are able to
withstand multiple simultaneous attacks.
ROBOTIC VOICE: Activating Interception Response
System and increasing Defense Shields by 75%.
Increasing power level by 1900.
DAN: Hang on.
Did it just say it was increasing the power level?
DRAGO: How can he possibly handle that much power?
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Ragarock Cannon!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Shield!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
WILLDA AND ELFIN: [pained screams]
MIRA: Willda!
MARUCHO: Elfin!
DRAGO: [grunt]
Is that it?
HELIOS: He's.. he's still standing?
SPECTRA: None have ever survived Helios' final
battle gun, before...
Well Drago...
it seems your new powers know no boundaries either.
HELIOS: His power may is no match for mine.
Spectra!
SPECTRA: I hear you.
Gate Card, open!
Element Merge!
DRAGO: [pained groan]
DAN: Drago, Hang on!
Ability activate!
Spinning Tornado!
DRAGO: [roar]
HELIOS: [pained roar]
SPECTRA: What's that?
Helios' power level went back to its base number?
HELIOS: [pained groan ]
HELIOS: [grunt]
HELIOS: You'll pay for that, Drago.
How do you still have so much power left in you?
SPECTRA: That's impressive.
SPECTRA: Unlock canister.
SPECTRA: Ultimate Formation!
HELIOS: [roar]
SPECTRA: Maxus Helios Mark II, Stand!
SPECTRA: Come on, Dan!
Show your face!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: I'm here, Dan!
DAN: Unlock Canister!
Ultimate Formation!
DRAGO: [roar]
DAN: Maxus Cross Drago, stand!
DAN: We're coming for you, Spectra!
Ability activate!
Vanishing Fire!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Parariddle Fire!
HELIOS: [roar]
SPECTRA: Haaaahhh!
DAN: [grunt] All right, go!
MIRA: I can't believe it!
They're actually shaking the ground!
MARUCHO: I think I need my sea-sick pill.
ELFIN: Go Drago, go!
Pound him into the ground!
WILLDA: That's it Drago!
No mercy!
DRAGO AND HELIOS: [exertion ]
DAN AND SPECTRA: Ahhhhhhhh!
DAN: Unnnhhhh.
This one for the history books...
Release Ultimate System, now!
SPECTRA: What is that?
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!
SPECTRA: Nice try...
Ability activate!
Ultimate Striker!
DAN: Ability activate!
Burning Infinity!
DRAGO: I summon the power entrusted to me
by the Ancient Warrior, Apollinar!
HELIOS: Oh no!
[grunt]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
ACE: Hey Dan!
BARON AND KLAUS: Dan are you okay?
DAN: [grunt, gasping]
SPECTRA: Gus... let's go... it's over.
GUS: Yes, sir.
DAN: Helios isn't the only one who's changed, Spectra...
I've never seen you back down from a fight so easily.
SPECTRA: Don't worry, Dan.
I'm not leaving for good.
I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot more
of each other, sooner than you think.
DAN: SPECTRA: Enjoy your victory...
while you still can.
DAN: Spectra!
MIRA: Dan! MARUCHO: Easy there, pal.
DAN: Hah, sorry guys.
Guess I'm a bit wobbly.
DRAGO: Spectra and Helios both fought
an incredible battle.
DAN: What'dya say, Volt.
You ready for your turn?
VOLT: There's nothing I'd love more than to crush you
and to take Drago's attribute energy...
but I won't kick a man when he's down.
MARUCHO: Wow!
Volt actually did the honourable thing.
DAN: Looks like...
Spectra's his own boss now.
SPECTRA: His powers surpassed even those of my perfect Helios.
You certainly keep life interesting, Dan Kuso.
[laughs]
SHADOW PROVE: There's nothing I love more
than dressing up like the big bad wolf,
and going for a walk in the forest.
Except I ain't looking for the three little pigs.
SHADOW PROVE: I'm collecting Bakugan attributes.
This will be like taking candy from a baby.
Hey, looks like Alice has found a friend.
SHADOW PROVE: The one in red is acts pretty tough,
but I wonder if her Brawling is as strong
as her kung fu.
SHADOW PROVE: You'll have to tune in to find out.
Bakugan, Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: I love the taste of victory!